Mk 6885: Final hydra documentation clean up and review (#14)
oduameh/hydra: docs/adr/2021-06-06_002-reactive-core.md

## Context

> We are looking for a way of expressing the Hydra head protocol logic in a Hydra node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are looking for a way of expressing the Hydra Head protocol logic in a Hydra node.
```

> The Hydra head protocol is defined as a _State machine_ in the paper, whose transitions are inputs that come from different sources which can emit outputs to other instances of the state machine or the mainchain. See the [FC2021](https://iohk.io/en/research/library/papers/hydrafast-isomorphic-state-channels/) paper for details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hydra Head protocol is defined as a _state machine_ in the paper, whose transitions are inputs that come from different sources which can emit outputs to other instances of the state machine or the main chain. See the [FC2021](https://iohk.io/en/research/library/papers/hydrafast-isomorphic-state-channels/) paper for details
```
